guest list only if your name's not on
the list you ain't going in let's see a
nice the right to be vain ah here it is
Batman hey looks like you're the guest
of honor
give him a big welcome guys are you
excited that I mean we've been building
up to this point all night don't tell me
you've not been looking forward to it I
know I am surprised everyone always said
I should be in television you know one
of this miss really blast nine eight
seven six five four
why didn't you stop Batman Oh me it was
your plan your goofy clown
ah I'm sending you back to the
ventriloquist where you belong
you're had to spoil everything didn't
you beating a pain feeding scarecrow to
croc slapping around Harley miyabi by
the way and ruining all my lovely denim
plants it's over Joker over why my dear
delusional Dark Knight it hasn't even
begun
you